---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-03T20:19:45.362Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-03T20:19:40.040Z'
title: About Us
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-03-f2bcc91b-246b-444d-8cd2-d5748e46e416.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: f2bcc91b-246b-444d-8cd2-d5748e46e416/index.html
_type: Article

---
Athena Global Energy Solutions (AGES) is a global leader in energy, environmental, and humanitarian technology solutions.  AGES partners with numerous technology companies to integrate individual technologies into complete, sustainable solutions to enrich the lives of people and communities worldwide. 

Our sustainable technology solutions address a wide and seemingly unrelated motley of issues, from off-grid sanitation solutions, to sustainable farming, to the remediation of  environmental and health hazards, but all of the issues that AGES engineers solutions for share an underlying struggle with energy - how to generate or capture it, how to store it, how to transport it, or how to leverage it to accommodate the ever-increasing consumption needs of the global population.

AGES's corporate attitude is that it is not enough to simply_think_ globally; it is necessary to_act_ globally. This credo is guided by the wisdom that all life on Earth is interconnected; the global energy crisis should be addressed on a global scale, with the ultimate objective of creating sustainable solutions so that we may safeguard our global ecosystem and strengthen our global community. This conviction is so fundamental to the AGES business model that in order for a technology to be considered as part of a solution set,  that technology must adhere to AGES's definition of a socially beneficial partnership, meaning that it has the potential to improve lives. Thus, all Solutions and Projects that we engage in must be Socially, Environmentally, and Financially Sustainable.  

Our sustainable technology integrations not only provide solutions to address_existing_environmental concerns such as over-fishing of our global seafood resources, water purity, and fuel and energy procurement and management, but we are also sensitive to any potential environmental_impact_these solutions might have. For this reason, many of our technology solutions are designed to operate off-grid in areas with already limited or non-existent energy or water resources, or in applications that would usually require significant waste of resources. Not only do these solutions require zero or minimal resources to run, but they also generate very little (or, again, zero) waste, minimizing the impact to the surrounding ecosystem.

Another of AGES's core principles is that these solutions should also be Humanitarian. Globally, millions of people are denied the basic rights that so many of us take for granted, including access to clean drinking water, sanitary living conditions, safe means by which to prepare food, and even the shelter of a modest dwelling.  AGES has created solutions to make these basic necessities available and affordable to even the most remote communities. Furthermore, whenever possible, AGES seeks the participation of the very people we are hoping to benefit, involving the local community in the implementation of these life-changing solutions, encouraging sustainability by educating residents on how to install and maintain the equipment themselves and providing employment opportunities in sales and distribution where appropriate.

Our solutions are designed to serve the global community as a whole, for it is only by serving the needs of the whole that each individual component can thrive. It is our goal to bring these world-changing technologies and solutions to where they are needed most, as quickly and efficiently as possible, and to make them very affordable for the people living in those communities.